Welcome back everyone.
The solution for machine learning Question number four so this question was what advantages the decision
tree model have.
So there are actually a ton of advantages to decision trees and you can check out lots of links in the
guidebook where people list off basically like 20 advantages of decision trees.
But I would say these are the main ones to get down.
So the first one is that they're very easy to interpret and understand.
Basically anyone can just go up to a board draw decision tree or you can just see a decision tree written
down on a piece of paper and understand how it's working.
It's very easy to interpret.
It also works really nicely on both continuous features and categorical features.
Other algorithms have issues with categorical features or continuous features being too largely scaled
against each other.
So decision tree doesn't need to worry about that stuff.
And that brings us to our third point.
We're really no normalization or scaling is actually necessary because each individual feature is considered
separately from the other ones due to the way the node structure on the decision tree works.
What's also really nice about a decision tree is that the prediction algorithm runs very fast and it
can work on a really large dataset relatively quickly compared to some other algorithms.
So those are the key advantages of the entries.
You can check out the links in the guide book if you're looking for more.
Thanks and I'll see you at the next lecture.